Hey two small
I asked you to drop off this week's estate and come over
Will you blame me?
What did you say, shopkeeper?
My second child can have today because of you.
Tell you what?
This Li Rongfa from Jiangnan Road
Not good at anything
Not easy to deal with
No matter how difficult it is to deal with
It's a piece of cake for you
By the way, the shopkeeper
I have calculated all the profits for the past few months
It's 30% higher than we expected
This is Li Rongfa, give me a taste of sweetness
Since he wants to give
Then I'll do what he wants.
Add an investment
Swallow him together, and the market counts.
We have to expand before we can hold on to it.
Would it be too fast?
Oops this is exactly what I want
Since he dug a hole for me
Then I'll dig a hole for him, right?
The recipe for this milk tea
Take the opportunity to leak it to Li Ronghua
Shopkeeper, what are you doing?
Don't ask about freedom, plan to go, okay?
President President
So what's up?
A frizzy happy event
And guess what?
Speak quickly
Don't sell it
Haven't you always wanted the recipe for this milk tea?
A worker who makes milk tea came to the restaurant in Linshi
To sell us this recipe